[pickers] Add date-fns@3.x adapter (#11462)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/adapters-locale/adapters-locale.md

For `date-fns`, import the locale and pass it to `LocalizationProvider`:

:::info

> We support both `date-fns` major versions (v2.x and v3.x).

Author: ```suggestion
Both `date-fns` major versions (v2.x and v3.x) are supported.
```
